

After a very interesting tour of the Four Peaks Brewery, we had a great lunch in the restaurant right there in the brewery. Located in a historic building, the ambiance was great!



There were three of us. Good drinks and burgers. A busy place but plenty of seating. Seating out side weather permitting.



Very good mood and place. Beers are good to taste and food is typic us food. Lot of people and young people. It was fun and plaisant. I should come back to taste other beers and meal. Service is very fast.



It's in Tempe where Arizona University is. It's craft beer, it's a pub with a 4 hour happy hour in the afternoon. It's full of students - no surprise. I like Four Peaks craft beer so it was easy to drag this old geezer there. Standard food faire. Enjoyed the appetizers - roasted tomatoes in particular while the grandkids enjoyed...


More 





I am a grad student who comes to Tempe every other weekend for classes. Normally I stay near Mill and Apache and venture to downtown Tempe for meals. This time I had my wife with me and I decided to get out of my routine.
I had the New Yorker sandwich and my wife had the chicken enchiladas. We could...


More 





First visit to Four Peaks to celebrate my daughter's Masters at ASU. Excellent environment and the staff showed just the right amount of attentiveness. Beer was fresh and enjoyed tasting new brews. Appetizers were fun and tasty. The burgers were phenomenal! I would recommend the restaurant to anyone and look forward to returning.



Great beer but watch out for the spicy cheese dip with the hot pretzel- it is quite spicy! We lingered here for a few hours, had two servers over the course of that time and they were both excellent. Fun place to spend an afternoon!



We have been here several times and have never been disappointed. The beer is always fresh and ice cold. My favorite by far is the Oatmeal Stout. If your Stout lover you wont be disappointed. The Kilt Lifter is a close 1st as well. The food is always great here, you cant go wrong with whatever you order. The service...


More 





If you are into brewery's, this my Favorite. Love the outdoor patios with great food and beer..which is brewed right on premises. Love all the seasonal brews!



The food was excellent, with large portions and fantastic blends of flavors. Everything we ate was phenomenal.

